аноунс2
There is no strict process when it comes to merging pull
requests. Pull requests will sometimes take a while before they
are looked at by a maintainer; the bigger the change, the more
time it will take before they are accepted into the code. Every
team member is a volunteer who is giving up their own time to
help maintain and contribute, so please be courteous and
respectful. Here are some helpful ways to make it easier for you
and for the maintainers when making a pull request.  Make sure
your pull request complies to the requirements outlined here
You are expected to have tested your pull requests if it is
anything that would warrant testing. Text only changes, single
number balance changes, and similar generally don't need
testing, but anything else does. This means by extension web
edits are disallowed for larger changes.  You are going to be
expected to document all your changes in the pull request.
Failing to do so will mean delaying it as we will have to
question why you made the change. On the other hand, you can
speed up the process by making the pull request readable and
easy to understand, with diagrams or before/after data. Should
you be optimizing a routine you must provide proof by way of
profiling that your changes are faster.  We ask that you use the
changelog system to document your player facing changes, which
prevents our players from being caught unaware by said changes -
you can find more information about this on this wiki page.
If you are proposing multiple changes, which change many
different aspects of the code, you are expected to section them
off into different pull requests in order to make it easier to
review them and to deny/accept the changes that are deemed
acceptable.  If your pull request is accepted, the code you add
no longer belongs exclusively to you but to everyone; everyone
is free to work on it, but you are also free to support or
object to any changes being made, which will likely hold more
weight, as you're the one who added the feature. It is a shame
this has to be explicitly said, but there have been cases where
this would've saved some trouble.  If your pull request is not
finished, you may open it as a draft for potential review. If
you open it as a full-fledged PR make sure it is at least
testable in a live environment. Pull requests that do not at
least meet this requirement will be closed. You may request a
maintainer reopen the pull request when you're ready, or make a
new one.  While we have no issue helping contributors (and
especially new contributors) bring reasonably sized
contributions up to standards via the pull request review
process, larger contributions are expected to pass a higher bar
of completeness and code quality before you open a pull request.
Maintainers may close such pull requests that are deemed to be
substantially flawed. You should take some time to discuss with
maintainers or other contributors on how to improve the changes.
After leaving reviews on an open pull request, maintainers may
convert it to a draft. Once you have addressed all their
comments to the best of your ability, feel free to mark the pull
as Ready for Review again.
